This week you'll create
an n-gram language model
from a text corpus.
Recall that a text
corpus is typically
a large database
of text documents,
such as all the pages
on the Wikipedia,
all books from one author,
or all tweets from one account.
A language model is a tool that's
calculates the
probabilities of sentences.
You can think of a sentence
as a sequence of words.
Language models can also estimate
the probability of
an upcoming word
given a history of
previous words.
For example, if you begin
an e-mail, Hello, how are,
your e-mail application may guess
that the next word you
want to write is the word,
you, as in, Hello, how are you?
In the assignment, you'll build
your own n-gram
language model and
apply it to autocomplete
a given sentence.
First, it will process
a text corpus into
a language model.
Users of your
autocomplete system will
provide the starting
words of a sentence.
The model that you will build
will then allow you to query
for the most likely words
following the starts
of that sentence.
Then it outputs that as
a suggestion to
complete the sentence.
While you are going to focus on
the autocomplete
application this week,
language models are widely
used in other areas as well.
Language models are used in
speech recognition to convert
the outputs into real words.
For example, if an acoustic
model converts speech
to text and adheres, I saw a van.
Then the speech to
text system can use
a language model
to know that it's
more likely the sentence was,
I saw a van and not
eyes awe of an.
Language models are also used
in spelling correction to
identify words that should be
replaced based on the
sentence there in.
Probabilities are also important
for augmentative
communication systems.
These are systems that
can take a series of
hand gestures from a user
to help them form
words and sentences.
People like Stephen Hawking,
who are unable to
physically talk or sign,
can instead use simple movements
to select words from a menu.
Then the system can
speak for them.
Word prediction using
language models can
be used to suggest likely
words for the menu.
Here's what you'll
be doing this week.
First, you'll transform
your raw text corpus
into a language model
which returns the probability of
the next word by using the
previous words of a sentence.
Next, you'll adapt
your language model to
deal with words the model
hasn't seen during training.
These words are called
out of vocabulary words.
Smoothing is another
technique that you can
use to deal with
previously unseen input.
Probability of unseen words and
sentences can still be
successfully estimated this way.
Smoothing essentially
pretends that each word and
phrase appears in the training
corpus at least once.
This helps to calculate
the probability even for
unusual words and sequences.
Finally, I'll show
you how to choose
the best language model
with the perplexity metric,
a new tool for your toolkits.
When you combine these skills,
you'll be able to
successfully implement
a sentence autocompletion model
in this week's assignments.